# Snapshot generator

The snapshot generator is used to visit a set of pages as described in a 
manifest file and generate screenshots for it. 
See the "1.1 manifest file" chapter for more info. 

## Haunt CLI 

The cli currently offers a basic command. 

@TODO Document CLI 

NOTE that this makes a few assumptions based on basic defaults. 
If you need more granular control see the custom implementation
below. 

## Custom implementation

The snapshot generator only needs a few things to function. These 
can be injected into the constructor. 

- The manifest (should implement \surangapg\Haunt\Manifest\ManifestInterface)
  This lists all the items in the manifest files to visit.
- The output file structure which decides how the screenshots are translated to the 
  filesystem. This builds folders/structured names so the next steps can find the
  correct files. 
- Output interface \Symfony\Component\Console\Output\OutputInterface which 
  provides output to the user. Can be NULL. 
  
Once these are constructed the class can be used to write out files. 
``` 
    use \surangapg\Haunt\Generator\SnapshotGenerator;

    $snapshotGenerator = new SnapshotGenerator($manifest, $outputStructure, $output);
    $snapshotGenerator->generate('https://wikipedia.com');
``` 
You can get a list of screenshots via the generate command. This will write out 
a full set of screenshots to the filesystem. Also a "meta.yml" file (depending 
on the output interface) will be added with some metadata about the set. 
